Privacy Policy

We are take care and respecting your personal data, so we have written this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and share it.

​
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how Lista Spesa and affiliated companies processes data in your relation to personal information. By using or accessing our service you agree with the conditions of this Privacy Policy. This Policy does not apply to websites, services or applications that display or link to different privacy policies.


Information we collect
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share your personal information.

Information you provide us

You don't provide any personal information to Ural.

Connection to external services

We do not collect any information provided from an external service.

Metadata

Lista Spesa may store information about media items that you choose to use with certain  features. 

Log information

For operation and maintenance purposes, this application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (system logs) or use for this purpose other personal data (such as IP address).

Device information

We collect device-specific information (such as model, version, operation system version and mobile network information)

Analytics information

We use third-party analytics tools to help us usage trends of the Service. These tools collect information send by your device. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual user.

Cookies
Lista Spesa  doesn't have any implementation, which requires cookies.

Information Third Party Service Providers collect
Currently Lista Spesa  is not linked with any third party service such as Ad network or Analytics etc and does not collects any information by third parties.

Sharing of your information
We do not sell or rent your information to outside parties without your consent. Except trusted third parties who assist us in operating our services, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.

Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is completely secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Other web sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
This services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this website. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

Contact Us:

Lista Spesa 
Emilio Morrone
emilio.morrone79@gmail.com


If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at emilio.morrone79@gmail.com
